# How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
The way that I ensure that my code is functional and secure is by running valdation tests. I used a variety of black box and white box testing techniques, as well as JUnit and code coverage. I used all of the aspects together to ensure that my code was functional, secure, and meet all the requirements.
# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
The way to interpret user needs is to sit down with them and ask questions. Ask questions on what they want to program to do, what they don't want it to do. Who can have access to what portion of the program. From there write a list of requirements that the program should achieve. While you are coding and testing your program you should frequently check back to this list to ensure that you are incoporating the user needs into the product.
# How do I approach designing software?
The way to approach desiging software is with a plan. First meet with users and consurmers to research what the program should acheive. Next brainstorm using techniques that are common to you such as use case diagrams and decision tables. After that, create a design of how you want your program to look. What classes you should include and what variables. Also what you want the program to do such as fucntions. After that you will develop the code. Finally, you implement test cases. You repeat the final two steps until you have a code that has fufilled all of it's requirements.
